welcome to a number of important Marshall in this course
testing react apps not with testing here I don't mean
us manually clicking around our application we already do that
constantly while developing it we've testing here I mean writing
automated tests and now here's something important what to what
I'm interrogatory of this module testing is a complex topic
and is actually a huge enough topic to make up
an entire records just on its own this is not
a testing in general introduction and it's also not a
complete reacts testing guide like mort you'll instead I will
introduce you into writing units tests for react applications build
with create react app and that can then be something
you build up on ward which helps you apply your
general Java script testing all that you already have or
gabber in our resources with that out of the way
let's dive into what testing exactly is in the next
lecture and then learn how we can rights tests for
our react application